Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how we use, collect and share information about your activities when you use our app. (Service)
The service allows users to enhance their experience on specific locations. By using digital technology, relevant and exiting information.

Update

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Use of information
The information collected is used to improve our service. For example, the information can be used to:

Improve service
Maintain and test the service
Monitor usage
The information may also be combined with other data sources to analyse the whole user experience including the physical conditions.

Information collection

Device 
We collect information about the device you are using, this includes operative system, version and third party services availability
Location 
We ask you to share your location with us to improve your service experience and provide the best available information to you.
IP-address 
We log the ip-address of all incoming requests to our server
Usage
We track general app usage to improve our service this also includes collection of data if our service would crash.
Sharing of information
We may share the information with our customers, third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons.

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the service on our behalf;
To create new features;
To maintain the service;
Improve our service; or
Improve the user experience.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to aggregated data. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites or services. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site or service. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites or services. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our service or Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at wadkoping@orebro.se
